David Williams
330 30th St.
New York, NY 10016
(212) 717-1071
davidpatrone71@gmail.com
September 4, 2019
General Manager
Midnight Oil
107 Greene St.
New York, NY 10001
Dear Mr. Actual,
In my life I have had the good fortune to be involved with several companies and organizations which are frontrunners in their respective industries and I have also been lucky to have become friends with and learned from some of the most intelligent, artistic and dynamic individuals alive during the past 40 years. I grew up in Philadelphia, qualified for Mensa membership at the age of 6 years old and was given a diverse education in three vastly different environments which included immersion in the Judeo-Christian faiths as the son of a leader in the church, the son of the caretaker of a disadvantaged youth program, a classmate and peer in my adolescence to close friends from completely divergent socio-economic situations; culminating in my enlistment to the United States Marine Corps at the age of 17. This gave me the opportunity to see many countries while I spent 10 years as an Aviation Ordnance Technician and Quality Assurance Representative for weapons systems and maintenance administration of nearly every aircraft in the US Navy’s arsenal including both Fighter/Attack Planes and Helicopters. I was recognized for distinguished service in combat operations aboard the USS Theodore Roosevelt in support of US and NATO Operations in The Persian Gulf and The Adriatic Sea. I received the Marine Corps Achievement Medal for my revisions of the Naval Aviation Technical Operations and Publications (NATOPS) Manuals and Naval Aviation Maintenance Procedures (NAMP) and the 4790 as a Sergeant. I received an Honorable Discharge in 1999 and I held the rank of Staff Sergeant (E-6).
After I left the Marine Corps I worked as an IT contractor for CSC before I took a position as the CTO for a small startup in Southern California which never really got started up. During this time I was moonlighting as a Jazz Vocalist and Bandleader. Within a few months of the Tech Bubble bursting in 2000 and my subsequent unemployment, I was performing over 300 shows per year, eventually becoming one of the most sought-after entertainers in Southern California for corporate and private events. As a result of all of the work my band had to turn down, I began to book elite performers that I had been meeting and working with over the next few years and gained a reputation for being able to provide exceptional entertainment in last-minute emergency situations. David Patrone Entertainment and Midnight Productions provided entertainers for thousands of shows between 2001 and 2015. In 2009, I became the first vocalist to ever win a San Diego Music Award in Jazz; which, I surrendered to Shep Myers who had died that year without having been awarded one.
In 2003 I began a career as a professional Ski Instructor in Big Bear Lake, California. In 2006 I decided to take this seriously and began taking clinics and training to get my National Certification from the Professional Ski Instructors of America. Currently I am a PSIA level 2 Instructor with special certifications in Advanced Children and Senor instruction. From 2010 to 2013 I worked for Vail Resorts in Stateline, NV at Heavenly. I am not personally on this list; however, I have taken lessons, clinics, taught and skiied alongside many of Ski Magazine’s “Top 100 Ski and Snowboard Instructors” in the US including most of the top 10. I learned to snowboard just so i would have the legitimacy to say that I prefer skiing to any pro boarder. If you understand this about me, you will probably understand almost everything about me.
In 2006 I began streaming and broadcasting a radio talk show which focused on the US Constitution and the Late Night Community and Hospitality Professionals. This evolved into streaming my live Jazz shows into the popular onine community “Second Life” as “Midknight Auer” With some assistance from a few of the seasoned residents, I constructed a replica of Atlantic City’s Steel Pier (where my Great Grandfather Charles and Grandfather Ralph Patrone had performed, boxed and lived; my diminutive contribution was to win the “cutest baby” contest with my cousins, Julie and Debbie; my father’s costume and prop creations were highlighted and certainly responsible for our victories. I think we won in 1973 as ”Winkin’, Blinkin’ and Nod” paraded along the boardwalk in a paper-mache sailboat that was shaped like a shoe). I come from a line of people known for their attention to detail and because of this, I sought permission and received an endorsement for the Second Life Steel Pier by the Atlantic City Historical Society (as well as given the opportunity to scan some of their original images from the first days of photography). I created an underwater nightclub below the pier named, “The Shipwreck Club” complete with submerged gaslamps which attracted schools of fish, circling to the music. The Midnight Auer Quartet was among the first professional broadcasters to simultaneously perform live shows in RL while broadcasting and interacting in simultaneously in real time with SL’s “in world” audiences, juggling dialogue that was relevant to the “real world” audience with innuendo which was specifically aimed at the “in-world” attendees of the Second Life Clubs that I would perform in. We were also the first band to “crash” many Corporate Sims by flooding them with attendees. We broke Playboy Island, Mercedes Benz, BMW, Harley Davidson, Several Popular Music Venues, San Diego island and many others; somehow never managing to get very famous in the Real World while doing something that had never been done before. We also confused the living heck out of audiences in both worlds whenever they realized that this was an actual live performance in two different worlds. Admittedly, even we had trouble explaing the complexity of our performances, most audience members had no idea what was really going on.
In 2008 I decided to try to merge a love of adventure and philanthropy with my two brothers. Williams Brothers Adventure Foundation and Brotherproof are ventures born from the concept that three very different brothers could go adventuring, film our escapades, destroy, develop and refine technical gear while raising money and awareness for causes which we felt we could contribute to. Our first trip was to thru-hike the Appalachian Trail and support “Boys To Men”, a magnificiently administered social program which began in San Diego which pairs adolescent boys who are without father figures with adult men who have been through the “Mankind Project Training” which is a unique community of men who have recognized the need for an aspect of primitive tribal culture which has been lost in our modern society; reintroducing creative, competitive and thoughtful feedback and interaction. Support this organization if this is the first you’ve heard of it. www.boystomen.org
In 2010 I attempted to tackle the Pacific Crest Trail as a walking Jazz Tour; backpacking and scheduling performances from the Mexican/California border to the Washington/Canadian border. It worked for a while; however, lacking support, I basically did the trail alone and ended up leaving the trail after about three months, ten or eleven gigs and 1200 miles of remote wilderness navigation. I took a couple weeks off in South Lake Tahoe where I became immersed in the Burning Man community and developing the personality who would later become the highly-confrontational, cross-dressing, resident chick singer of the one-and-only Playa Jazz Cafe: Fella Fitzgerald. She had the honor of unsuccessfully “fronting” a reluctant-to-follow-even-Jam-Session-session-level-disorder collection of eclectic musical industry professionals into some of the greatest moments in Jazz that a bunch of enthusiastic, non-musical fans ever wished they’d learned a thing about music so that they could have fully appreciated the rare uniqueness of five or six of the top 10 moments in Jazz Improvisation, ever.
In 2010, after practically living in bars and restaurants for the previous 20 years, I decided to go to bartending school with my girlfriend. This never got me a bartending job ever; however, I am awesome behind the bar whether I know how to make a slow comfortable screw up against the wall or not.
In 2012 I began a journey which would stretch the boundaries of my sanity; destroy and solidify my faith and spiritual being; destroyed my familial bonds and even my loyalty to this country; which, has strayed abysmally far from the intention of its Framers’ hopes for a country in which Freedom was protected by a lack of regulations rather than the definition of its demise. For a variety of unfelated reasons, I became the target of a new type of weapon developed by some of the worlds top intelligence and defense agencies. This very complicated tool I call a Weaponized Advanced Neural Network which utilizes a collection of widely disbelieved; but, clearly documented and researched communication, interrogation, surveillance and assault techniques which are designed to be an unbeatable opponent in a confrontation aimed at destroying a human with a wide array of psychological tools. This network hides in plain sight by creating symptoms which mimic psychosis, schizophrenia and other mental conditions so as to invalidate any complaints by the target or victim by causing them to appear unreliable, sick, delusional, culpable or criminally responsible for the conditions they are describing. To the best of my knowledge, hundreds of thousands of targets have either committed suicide, died in confrontations with authorities or other risky behaviors while trying to mitigate their circumstances and several hundreds of thousands of other targets are likewise engaged in a fight for thier reputations, their sanity and the future of their communities. It is my belief that most of them will lose this battle if we don’t raise awareness of this adversarial structure to a global level which places this issue in the forefront of the average person’s consciousness. This situation needs to be as well known as a hurricane sweeping across the state we live in; and, that is exactly what it is doing. We are citizens of the world and this world is about to experience a cognitive cataclysm.
You may be thinking to yourself, “what the heck does a guy like this want to do in our company? What is he qualified for?  He’s simultaneously totally unqualified and totally overqualified for every job position we have a title for!” I am glad you are still reading this cover letter as much as I am glad you may be asking yourself this question. Obviously, this is the blessing and the curse of a life well-lived, taking risks and sometimes hitting roadblocks of a cosmic proportion. I used to think those did not exist; however, I’ve had to aquiesce to Ganesh a few times. Finding a job hat doesn’t involve me being asphysiated by self-restraint or red tape is one of the biggest challenges; especially when I find myself in my current situation; which is basically, homeless and without any savings and without any resources. Truthfully, money has no bearing on what I want to do in my life. It is a tool that creates options; changes opinions and is essential for some types of progress. Personally, I am without any financial resources; however, I am seeking employment with your company because it is important to me that I work with a group of dynamic professionals in an industry that is concerned with improving what it means to experience life on this planet. It is vital to me that I be a part of a company who is on the leading edge of that kind of work; or, has a reasonable expectation of being on the leading edge of something as important as saving the world; no matter what section of that goal we are focused on.
Sincerely,



David B Williams Jr.

