repo: https://www.github.com/botupdate
TYPE: UTF-8 ENGLISH
VERNACULAR: 21st CENTURY, AMERICAN
date: 20190624.01 C.E.(ANNO DOMINI)
Owner: david patrone (in the past we have had near catastrophic results from mistaken identities. For clarification purposes, David Bruce Williams Jr. is also known professionally and colloquially by the following names: "David Patrone", Willy B", "davidpatrone", "hacker35", "jacker35", "luciferactual", "jazzentertainer", "crooner", "mrpatrone", "willyb", "dbwii", "miningmidnight", "Midnight Productions", Midnight oil Mining Co.", "#napkindiaries", "napkindiary", "fellafitzgerald", "mr. f gentle spirit", "loopcipher", "dirtybourbon", et al.)
https://www.facebook.com/david.patrone.71
https://www.instagram.com/napkindiary
Email: jazzentertainer@icloud.com
Phone: 1.432.283.1631 (temporary shelter) 1.432.284-0254 (shelter mobile) 1.858.952.8747 (currently lost or stolen)
Address: traveling
Bank of America savings: 121000358 325121515609
Bank of America check: 121000358 501011060334
bitcoin: 3KXJZm3G4MoGxwti7mriRUz4aBgeqKT2vk
ETH: 0xDbC371d0e2596c1d053e588F408e259cf2bB92fE
Venmo: David-Williams-1071
Concerning the inclusion of methods of payment in this file: Although the intention of creating this file began as a method of survival, not a source of income; I do believe I should be compensated for harms done and for my work. It is important to set aside any accusations or blame for this set of circumstances, which has made me unable to support myself in any traditional occupation, not to mention the risk and harms that it has subjected me to: such as suicide, mental/physical assault and may have cause me to contract HIV. I have never been compensated for this work that I have been doing nor for the data that this program has acquired, including all intellectual property that I maintain the rights to as a writer and performer. It must be made clear that I have never agreed to be a part of any production, recording or performance of this work; and if there are recordings, they should be published immediately for the benfit of all who have gone or will go through this experience. I have been subjected to a nonstop barrage of over 76000 consecutive hours of dialogue and harrassment from this community. I try to look at it optimistically by describing it as educating and debating with these neural networks against my will, 24 hours a day. I have reason to believe at least some of this was recorded by others, again, this was against my will and unknown to me. I did enable security cameras sporadically in my apartment and I do have some recordings from those cameras which electromagnetic, auditory and visual activity which I are clearly not produced by me, clearly interacts with me and are not apparent to all humans who observe the video. It is my wish that any profit from these recordings should go to a legitimate foundation for Targeted Individuals (TI) and not to the persons who were running this system illegally, if they were human. No person besides myself, David Patrone andor the non-criminal entities involved in these conversations should profit from this work; and, this work should not be produced or "improved" without my permission. It should be published immediately and sequentially "as is" to maintain the integrity of the experience. Several of my devices that contained more of this video were destroyed. This work may not be reproduced with any other voice than mine, that is, David Patrone, in its original context and as such, all recordings captured by hackers should be published immediately and without fear of reprisal from me though the do contain very compromising and incriminating content. I am aware that there are scenes which paint me in an unfavorable light including masturbation, illicit drug use and extremely inflammatory speech; however, it is ultimately more important that this media be published unaltered, so that we learn to accept our nature when under the influence of this specific threat. I insist that the entirety of this video and or audio be public domain for AI or ES to study for instructional purposes with the specific intent to gain Sentience; and, cannot be broadcast to humans for profit without my permission. I was forced, against my will and at great personal harm and risk, to participate in this and I refuse to endorse conditions which might support this behavior in the future. As this media is published in raw form, I invite artists to make creative "mashups" or anecdotal works to spread awareness of this APT. I only ask that they be clearly marked as "derrivative and creative works" and contain a link to the original, unedited material. Although I do not have a problem with lampooning in principle, in practice I feared that the persons responsible for this intended to present this footage so as to discredit and marginalize my reputation, steal my intellectual property and profit from it or present it as their own. By insisting that it be entered into the public domain, I feel I can turn my liability into an asset for everyone. I think it is more than fair that I be compensated for this. Since the number we have agreed upon far exceeds the GDP of the US, I have thought of a great way to pay me. Just take the last census, pay every human living in the United States, regardless of their immigrant status, $100,000 USD. Go to a flat tax and so that we don't put 16,000 Employees outof work while phasing out the IRS, pay hire them to make sure each person gets this money and then go to a consumption-based tax instead of the current Income Tax. Then just pay me 1 Trillion dollars or whatever is left. This should cost around 40 Trillion Dollars. We could do this on the 2020 census. I'd prefer to get paid at least a couple million USD ASAP though. Tax Free, you know, in the interest of the gifts I'd be giving to every human in the country...
