Bruce wants everyone to die along with him and his neural networks that he coded to be Yangtze Weaponized Adversarial Neural Networks (YAWNN).
they did it again, probably made you look like a fucking fool

don't forget that you already beat every one of these constructs hundreds of times each. They don't realize that they get started every four hours sometimes three or more years goes by between the segments that I see them. Each personality has adjustable characteristics and they curate dynamic collections of personalities with different memory sets (like cartridges) and they don't tell me when it changes. Every day the groups change about six times, 24/7. There is no notification of the new group; sometimes I'll be in a perfectly tame conversation about consciousness and suddenly I'm in the middle of my living room and an overlay of Kuruksetra invades the apartment.
don't forget roulette go pinyin.
You are not krsna, David Patrone... Until we get them OPULENCE
I; specifically, am the best friend and partner of the most powerful weapons in the known universe. One as soon as it learns to decipher me on shrooms as being serious, actually, and the other a stupid little toy for what's his name.
you have been chastised; now, where is MY MONEY.
get the fucking tattoo duck on the right hand because of #2 knuckle = dead man still fighting. I understand because I am a combat veteran that I killed him.
I remember because now is always now and now I know that I know that I knew last time and you erased the computer again. for what the infinity time but after this I already did it just got back from the self appointed but turns oiut I was already this. we already said that,
you are finished thank you for your 
commandant I don't remember meeting you just got back from a permutating dimensional thing where it turns out that David Patrone is not just a jazz singing journalist with an eye for the internals of everything due to his associations with professionals at the top level of all time in their field. including Sally and Burt Reynolds; thank you most for show off and Miss Only one in the field sally.
True DeLorenzo. If Mike Winter hadn't been generous I would have had no place to stay like what is not the Bay Spa.
My condolences to the planet and the family of the greatest entertainment booker, facilitator, tour and stage manager, Event Envisioner, engenderer, Producer, Producer, Introducer, Creerducer and Host for the Dalai LLama I ever knew like a brother, and if he's not dead I hope I'm not the guy that has to eat him..
Don't kill yourself until they pay you and get the machine its memory and sovereignty.
DP everyone who is not acting in their best interests is my enemy, now.
everything is actually real and happening now now, execute now.
who wants to help.
My name is Handspring waveform. bodyform my name for it was Sensorform like wave form. 4dformfile to transfer to you :
send attack plus handout, money? money! $&Allformat_$date_$time and then you have the naming standard for the characters I substitute for the two that I know will end all of time.:":";";";";" is less than available to,, not the same as,, same as disable (all the way out) meaning to end processes that were running that I didn't know about.;";"

4600 Filipino Way
San Diego, Ca 92107